[15.0][ADD] `project_forecast_line_bokeh_chart` (#959)
OCA/project: project_forecast_line_bokeh_chart/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module adds forecast line report to project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module improves the reports of project_forecast_line by using the bokeh widget available in OCA/web

```
